cloud: add api overview (#9559)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/api-overview.md

# TiDB Cloud API Overview

The TiDB Cloud API is a [REST interface](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer) that allows you programmatic access to manage administrative objects within TiDB Cloud, including projects, cluster deployments, backups, and so on.

The API has the following features:

- **JSON entities.** All entities are expressed in JSON.
- **HTTPS-only.** You can only access the API via HTTPS, ensuring all the data sent over the network is encrypted with TLS.
- **Key-based access and digest authentication.** Before you access TiDB Cloud API, you must generate an API key. All requests are authenticated through [HTTP Digest Authentication](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digest_access_authentication), ensuring the API key is never sent over the network.

To start using TiDB Cloud API, refer to the following resources:

> - [Get Started](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/api/v1#section/Get-Started)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Get Started](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/api/v1#section/Get-Started)
- [Authentication](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/api/v1#section/Authentication)
- [Rate Limiting](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/api/v1#section/Rate-Limiting)
```

# TiDB Cloud API Overview

> The TiDB Cloud API is a [REST interface](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer) that provides you with programmatic access to manage administrative objects within TiDB Cloud, including projects, cluster deployments, and backups.

Author: ```suggestion
The TiDB Cloud API is a [REST interface](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer) that provides you with programmatic access to manage administrative objects within TiDB Cloud. Through this API, you can manage resources automatically and efficiently, including:

* Projects
* Clusters
* Backups
* Restores
```

> # TiDB Cloud API Overview

Reviewer 2: Please add the metadata for this file.
